applications: nrf_desktop: dfu: Config chan backward compatibility (#6472)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added:

  * HID Configurator now recognizes the bootloader variant as a DFU module variant for the configuration channel communication.

>     The new implementation is backward compatible, since new version of script checks for module name and acts according to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The new implementation is backward compatible: the new version of the script checks for module name and acts accordingly.
```
